Cost year moved from plant_config to cost model outputs (#199)
NREL/GreenHEART: CHANGELOG.md

- Changed electrolyzer capacity to be specified as `n_clusters` rather than `rating` in electrolyzer performance model config
- Changed electrolyzer capacity to be an input to the electrolyzer cost models rather than pulled from the cost model config.
- Updated finance parameter organization naming in `plant_config`.

> - Added cost model base class and removed `plant_config['finance_parameters']['discount_years']['tech']`. Come cost models require user-input cost year (`tech_config[tech]['model_inputs']['cost_parameters']['cost_year']`) others do not. Cost year is output from cost models as a discrete output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added cost model base class and removed `plant_config['finance_parameters']['discount_years']['tech']`. Some cost models require user-input cost year (`tech_config[tech]['model_inputs']['cost_parameters']['cost_year']`) whereas others do not. Cost year is output from cost models as a discrete output.
```
